- Boundary Coverage -- located the bubble uses library matPython, Gary discovered through running the boundary data scraping the bubbles runs-on Binary.WeildervavHenry initially began the construction of the foundation grid [#] Updates ;
- Tracker bubble has implemented via v0. a general website construction AIGeneral intelligence tool. 
- 07/04/2025--40 minutes into session- Scrapped medium tracking-independent variables, added the API link and asked V0 to utilise 80% visual C coverage
- 1hour 20 minutes: increased Python' localisation by integrating the RAW total Voting-day data, spreadsheet' existing by adding a numerous charts: to describe the bubble flow.
-  tool preset of Vercel, Henry dug through 3 hours; 1. implemented motive trials, made viable alterations to the website compatibility with May 2024 London General Election's local votes' coverage data. Made incremental changes in the Bubble tracker count: from 175 bubble.
- #Experiment One, tested within a ratio of bubble counts; 199, 175 and increase to max 230 capaibilities.
- #Experiment Two using variables in V0, to stress test the website, Enhanced the potentials and capabilities for Visualisations using webGL and C language, plus React linear language, is combined, and inserted for "Regional distribution" section, please zoom in 40%  into the spread of UK data, and plot the London authority data set, into a quantifiable geographic representation of London, the 33 boroughs are represented in their respective geolocation, identified by the boroughs first letter.   If the bubble is oversized, if you should be able to create a canvas size of 1024 x 935 dimensions visual rectangle, so the data from the Local authority approximate estimation, does not have to plot exactly the region, have overlaps on the boroughs, precept the data scraped presented 75% of its' acctual data. spread of the Bubble concentration.
- 07/04/2025  the enhanced legend and information: enhance the bubble count visuals by decrease the bubble clutters more significant in central London, the solution is enhance the voter ages, and voter turn out to clearer indicator showcasing north west, north east, central, South west and south east, the boundary, the visualisation can be displayed Vercel; 99% accurate, to map the West London and East London voter disparity; demographic breakdown the circle graph with the uploaded May 2024 voters turn out, maximum count and clear voted party outcome between each boroughs. However, if the demographic breakdown fail to manifest, the accurate age breakdown, use an abstract scale to indicate the distinctive region voter turnout.
